Hey, good morning everybody. I'm excited to be with y'all again today.
I'm going to do a reactionary video with Sister Lynn Hammond, and we're going to pray in the spirit.
I'm doing these videos for people who are dry, who would just like to pray with someone else to help you get in those rivers of the Holy Ghost and intercede for whatever is on your heart.
We're going to pray in the spirit, and you pray for whatever you're believing for.
I'm going to be praying for Israel again—for the peace of Jerusalem, for the things the Lord has been showing me regarding Damascus, the Iran war, and everything that I believe is escalating into something bigger.
We're going to pray over what I warned you all about regarding the mass shootings and being in the right place at the right time.
Remember, I told you this was an assignment, and they were going to use this to suppress the Second Amendment, trying to campaign on it. I saw it accelerating clear into the spring and the summer.
I've been led to pray over Coachella and other big concerts coming in the spring and summer, praying for great protection so that any hidden thing would be exposed.
What the devil meant for evil, God's going to turn around for good, and no weapon formed against you or your family will prosper.
You will always be in the right place at the right time. You need to be in the spirit of the Lord more now than ever, listening to Him on a daily basis so that you are stirring yourself up.
Use this video if you want to pray in the spirit; pray with me and Sister Lynn and know that God has a plan for these last days.
It's not for the devil to steamroll us and take over; we have dominion and authority.
We're still here until the Bride of Christ is raptured; the tribulation cannot start.
I'm telling you there are great days ahead. Yes, there is great darkness, but the light is coming too.
It will be like a coin that has two sides; you have the darkness and the light. You can focus on the light or the darkness.
That's where we are in the end times, and I want to encourage you to pray like you've never prayed before.
It's time to stand on your authority, being seated with Him in the heavenlies, far above all principalities, powers, and might.
You need to know your authority and understand who you are in Christ so that you don't have a devil ramrodding you or beating you down every day with sickness, poverty, and lack.
All that is under the curse. Jesus Christ came that you might have life and have it more abundantly, in abundance to the full until it overflows.
The spirit of depression and discouragement has to leave. Jesus is at the right hand of the Father making intercession for us every single day.
I'm telling you there are good days ahead and a great, glorious outpouring.
Let's go ahead and start. Just enter in. If you don't pray in tongues, this is a great opportunity to listen.
The Holy Spirit is not going to grab your tongue and wag it for you; you have to pray it out and let it flow through you.
Don't think you're just making up words; let the Holy Spirit flow, and the power of God will hit you.
You're going to start flowing in it, and He'll take over your spirit. I'm going to give you some instruction as we pray together.
When I start to pray in the Holy Spirit, I don't just assume that we're going to tongue-talk immediately; I listen to my heart and move by what I have in there.
Brother Hagin said following the Holy Spirit is like following a string.
It's important for each of us to know we have a position and yield to the Holy Spirit without watching the people around you.
Respond to the Holy Spirit and step over into the Holy Ghost.
That is where we are going because that's where the seeing, hearing, and movement are. Today we're going to practice yielding.
When you hear me say 'yield to the spirit,'we're going to begin to pray in whatever way the Lord takes us.
When you think you've yielded, yield more. Sometimes that means I kneel or lift my hands as an act of responding.
Do whatever you need to because the more you yield, the more supply can be given to what we're praying for. Hallelujah. I think first we will begin to pray in tongues.
The Bible says in Acts chapter 4 that when the church came together in prayer, they all lifted their voices.
Everybody, let's lift our voices to God right now. Dig deep inside and reverence God.
Hallelujah. Eyes to see, Lord. A supernatural activation of the Holy Ghost by the power and anointing of God.
Thank You, Lord. Yield more to the Holy Ghost. Some of you may need to get out of your chair, walk, or kneel.
We're practicing. I don't want anybody looking around. America!
I'm going to get down here because I hear this way. Yield to the Holy Ghost.
Nobody looking around. An assembly is assembling to do the work.
We trust You, Lord. Reach that place, Father. You are shining.
We lift up November—supernatural divine intervention in November.
It is a month to be remembered. All the resources, all the money, all the blessings.
Hallelujah. Everything that is hidden is made manifest. We take authority right now and break it.
Rivers of power. We thank You, Lord, that all hidden things be revealed.
Operations of the Spirit. I call the reserves, calling you to your place. Pour out healings upon this nation. Rivers of healing.
Sometimes you have to get rid of things that make you aware of the natural realm.
Honestly, this pole thing here is bugging me, so I have my friend holding it so I can yield further.
It's not a spiritual thing. I'm not done yet, but I can't keep thinking about this.
The best way you can help is to yield to the Holy Ghost. I lift up the goats.
Separate, separate. It is global. A connection to the Spirit.
Turning the tide. Open that door, Lord. The removal and the unlocking of it.
Where have we been and where are we going? We're going with the envoy.
Preparation for the operation. Thank You, Father. We worship You. In Jesus'name. We bless You, Lord.
Father, I thank You for every one of these people who have prayed with me today.
I ask You to pour out a fresh touch of the Holy Ghost on their lives.
I thank You for the manifestations of the glory of God and I speak life over our bodies.
We take authority over flu, COVID, stomach bugs, congestion, and RSV.
Your word says that by Your stripes, we are healed. I believe we receive healing and deliverance.
We thank You, Lord, that You became a curse for us so we don't have to bear it.
Every person walks away with impartations of the Holy Ghost.
We thank You for the deliverance of finances and supernatural increase.
We believe we receive creative ideas to get wealth to support Your kingdom and our families.
Thank You for Your hedge of protection. No weapon formed against us shall prosper.
No calamity, car accidents, or wicked plans will come near our families.
We plead the blood of Jesus over our children, spouses, and loved ones.
Every tongue that rises against them, we condemn. We turn those words back on them double in Jesus'name.
No witchcraft, no incantations, no chants, no voodoo will come nigh.
We have a bloodline around our homes and angels that protect us.
We call it done in Jesus'name. Supernatural victory, health, healing, and wealth.
Be sound mentally, emotionally, physically, and financially.
We believe and receive it. Thank you for joining me today. I'm almost at 100,000 subscribers.
If you're new, please subscribe and help us get the gospel out by boosting us in the algorithm.
Comment down below if this blessed you. I pray over the comment section.
We love and appreciate you. Jesus is coming soon, and it's time to pray and seek His face.
It's time to wake up. Be blessed and favored. Have an exceedingly, abundantly above all you ask or think kind of day.
A victory day in Jesus'name. Put a smile on your face; Jesus loves you. We will see you next time. God bless you all. Bye-bye.